1. A Practical Algorithm for (Geometry-Aware) Interleavings between Merge Trees; Thijs Beurskens, Emil Toftegaard Gæde, Tim Ophelders, Willem Sonke, Bettina Speckmann and Kevin Verbeek
2. Adaptive Subproblem Selection in Benders Decomposition for Survivable Network Design Problems; Tim Donkiewicz
3. An Empirical Analysis of Approximation Algorithms for the Unweighted Tree Augmentation Problem; Luke Hawranick, Matthew Williamson, Jacob Restanio, K. Subramani and Cody Klingler
4. Approximation Algorithms for Budget Splitting in Multi-Channel Influence Maximization; Dildar Ali, Ansh Jasrotia, Abishek Salaria and Suman Banerjee
5. Bounding the Average Move Structure Query for Faster and Smaller RLBWT Permutations; Nathaniel Brown and Benjamin Langmead
6. Breaking 2-Cores for Invertible Bloom Lookup Tables by Structure Prediction; Vojtěch Gaďurek and Pavel Veselý
7. BuffCut: Prioritized Buffered Streaming Graph Partitioning; Adil Chhabra, Christian Schulz, Marcelo Fonseca Faraj and Linus Baumgärtner
8. Compressing Highly Repetitive Binary Trees with an Application to Range Minimum Queries; Gabriel Carmona and Filippo Lari
9. Computational Generation of Substrate-Specific Molecular Cages; Noé Demange, Yann Strozecki and Sandrine Vial
10. Cycle Basis Algorithms for Reducing Maximum Edge Participation; Fan Wang and Sandy Irani
11. DeltaSort: Incremental sorting of arrays with known updates; Shubham Dwivedi
12. Different Scales of Randomness: Empirical Mixing Times of the Edge Switching and Curveball; Ryan O Connor, Deepak Ajwani, Melvin Kallmayer, Alexander Leonhardt, Ulrich Meyer and Manuel Penschuck
13. Efficient Large-Scale Text Precompression via Approximate LZ77 Parsings; Patrick Dinklage
14. Engineering Algorithms for Dynamic Greedy Set Cover; Amitai Uzrad
15. Engineering Fully Dynamic Convex Hulls; Ivor van der Hoog, Henrik Reinstädtler and Eva Rotenberg
16. Engineering Learned Heuristics to Improve Clustering for Multilevel Graph Partitioning; Simeon Schrape, Nikolai Maas, Kenneth Langedal and Daniel Seemaier
17. Exploiting Multi-Core Parallelism in Blockchain Validation and Construction; Arivarasan Karmegam, Lucianna Kiffer and Antonio Fernández Anta
18. Fast Select Queries using Hybrid Bitvectors; Eric Chiu and Dominik Kempa
19. From Relative Compression to Hierarchical Compression; Philip Bille, Inge Li Gørtz and Máximo Pérez López
20. General Multiplicative Spanners in Practice; Fritz Bökler, Markus Chimani and Henning Jasper
21. Global Polyline Simplification under the Frechet Distance: Theory and Practice; Christian Abdullahad and Sabine Storandt
22. Integer programming models for the median of a 0-1 string set under Levenshtein distance; Claudio Arbib, Andrea D'Ascenzo, Oya Ekin Karasan and Andrea Pizzuti
23. k-Hole Separation in PEO‑Based ILP Treewidth Formulation; Andrea D'Ascenzo
24. Practical Parallel Block Tree Construction; Robert Clausecker, Florian Kurpicz and Etienne Palanga
25. QuadRank: Engineering a High Throughput Rank; Ragnar Groot Koerkamp
26. The dual-path fixing strategy and its application to the set-covering problem; Marcia Fampa, Jon Lee and Paulo Michel F. Yamagishi
27. Wavelet Forests Revisited; Eric Chiu and Dominik Kempa
28. ZOR filters: fast and smaller than fuse filters; Antoine Limasset